object: add rgw dns names (#13326)
rook/rook: Documentation/Storage-Configuration/Object-Storage-RGW/object-storage.md

The ConfigMap contains bucket endpoint information and is also consumed by the pod.
See the [Object Bucket Claim Documentation](ceph-object-bucket-claim.md) for more details on the `CephObjectBucketClaims`.

> 

Reviewer: Convention has been to use only a single line between the end of a section and the start of the next header in Rook docs.

> 

Reviewer: Convention has been to use only a single line between the end of a section and the start of the next header in Rook docs.

The ConfigMap contains bucket endpoint information and is also consumed by the pod.
See the [Object Bucket Claim Documentation](ceph-object-bucket-claim.md) for more details on the `CephObjectBucketClaims`.

```console

> 

Reviewer: Typo?

export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=$(kubectl -n default get secret ceph-bucket -o jsonpath='{.data.AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY}' | base64 --decode)
```

> If user enabled `hosting.dnsNames` in the `CephObjectStore` CRD, then bucket can be accessed via [virtual host style](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/VirtualHosting.html). The bucket endpoint will be `http://$BUCKET_NAME.$AWS_HOST`.

Reviewer: We've begun trying to avoid referencing "user" (or "you") in official docs. Also, it seems worth mentioning that path-style access can (must) be used if `dnsNames` are unset.

```suggestion
If any `hosting.dnsNames` are set in the `CephObjectStore` CRD, S3 clients can access buckets in [virtual-host-style](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/VirtualHosting.html).
Otherwise, S3 clients must be configured to use path-style access.
```
